To control general things like margin around elements or padding inside of elements or positioning
inside of a container, of a box,
you can use a utility feature provided by Ionic or some utility features to be precise,
a couple of utility CSS classes or attributes you can add to elements to have some default
CSS kick in.
You'll find it in the official guide, there under layout by clicking on CSS utilities.
Now here you find a bunch of examples and these are all attributes you just add onto an element to automatically
apply some CSS styling to it,
that's a feature made available by Ionic out of the box and
this allows us to for example add a simple div,
yes we can use normal HTML elements there too,
you're not restricted to using Ionic elements only. So I add a normal div here around my buttons and
what we can do there is we can add a margin to add a margin in all directions or just margin vertical
and you can find all of that in this utilities documentation here. So margin vertical to add a margin
to top and bottom and then to position the buttons on the right, you can add text right here for example.
With that simple trick,
still no line of CSS written from our side, we can add such a default look and this looks quite nice
in my opinion.
Now please note that this also has the advantage of always adding the same default margin.
So this means that you don't have to worry about assigning a margin that is too slim and therefore doesn't
fit into the general look of the rest of the page or anything like this,
you can of course overwrite the default margin Ionic assumes and sets but thereafter, whenever you throw
margin vertical or margin or anything like this onto an element, you will use this default
look, this default margin and that helps you keep a general look, a standardized look in your application.